# React Updating State Lab

## Overview

In this lab, you'll update state and get more practice with the `useState` hook.
After running `npm install` and `npm start`, you'll see that this app is not
currently working. Your task is to build and export two components. These
components are unrelated except in that they but will use `useState` to update
their internal state.

## World Record Click Counter

![Oldtimer stuff](http://il5.picdn.net/shutterstock/videos/15633112/thumb/1.jpg)

We got a new job! Woo! This time, we're a judge for the Guinness World Records.
We're no ordinary judge, however â€” we're a _modern day_ judge. We do things
using _computers_. Instead of using those old, clunky clickity-things to count
stuff for world records, we'll write our very own digital clicker!

1. In the `components/DigitalClicker.js` file, create a `DigitalClicker` React
component.

2. This component has an initial state property called `timesClicked`, which is
initially defined as 0.

3. The component renders out a button with a label that shows the `timesClicked`
value. This means that, at the start, your button should just say `0`.

4. Whenever the button is clicked, update the state by incrementing the
`timesClicked` by 1.

**HINT**: At the moment, `src/components/App.js` is trying to import
`DigitalClicker` _and_ the next component, `YouTubeDebugger`. To be able to see
your progress as you build out `DigitalClicker`, you can comment out the second
component by wrapping it in curly braces and comment indicators:

```js
{/*<YouTubeDebugger />*/}
```

Don't forget to remove these before you begin building the second component!

## Debugging YouTube

![Spock](https://media.giphy.com/media/fECTyvPYevOHC/giphy.gif)

You can only count so many jumps, hula-hoop rotations, and hot dogs being
devoured before you go insane. Time to move on from our record judge job to
greener pastures! Not to worry, we've secured ourselves a gig at YouTube this
time! Our first task is to create some sort of debug bar that allows us to
control the simulated network conditions on YouTube. Among other things, we can
change our resolution, the bitrate of the videos, the audio quality, and so on.
**IMPORTANT:** remember that if you want to change any value in any object, you
may want to spread the said object, as we mentioned in the previous lab.

Check out this [StackOverflow post][] on `useState` with objects if you need help with this one!

1. In the `components/YouTubeDebugger.js` file, create a `YouTubeDebugger` React
component.

2. This component has one piece of state, `settings`, which has an initial value
   of an object:

```js
{
  bitrate: 8,
  video: {
    resolution: '1080p'
  }
}
```

3. Create a button with the class `'bitrate'`. In the button, display the text:
   "Current bitrate: 8", using the value from state to display the bitrate.

4. Clicking this button changes the `settings.bitrate` state property to `12`.

5. Create a button with the class `'resolution'`. In the button, display the text:
   "Current resolution: 1080p", using the value from state to display the resolution.

6. Clicking this button changes the `settings.video.resolution` state property
   to `'720p'`.
   

## A Note on Classes in React

Classes can be added as attributes in JSX, similar to HTML. The one difference
to remember is that in JSX, we must use the `className` attribute, rather than
`class`. Using `class` will cause an error while testing. Classes are used in
this lab to make testing your solution a little easier.

## Resources

- [React Docs on `useState`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html)
- [`useState` with objects][StackOverflow post]

[StackOverflow post]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54150783/react-hooks-usestate-with-object